OPENING ADDRESS:

Jon:

Before we begin, can we please have everyone silence their phones and put them
away. Thank you.

(Processional begins)

Jon:

Good afternoon. For those of you who don’t know me, my name is Jonathan. I’ll be
your officiant today.

A quick note before we get too far, Matt wrote most of this script. So, when the
jokes fail, blame him.

I’ve known Shu since our freshman year in college and Matt since shortly after
he started dating Shu. They have asked me officiate today.

Shu and Matt's story is one of two very different people who complement each
other.  It is a story of openness, sometimes sprinkles with liquor, but always
true.

Shu and Matt's story started in Boston.  They connected on OKCupid and first met
on November 10, 2011.  Shu later remarked that they
should've met a day later on 11/11/11.  "That would have been special," she
said.  "It would only be special if we ever got married," Matt replied.  At
the time he thought it seemed unlikely.

Matt was obviously wrong.

Shu chose a cooking demonstration at a book store for their first date 
because she didn't want a "boring drinks date".  But after the demonstration,
they went to a bar.  And then another.

For their second date, they went to a bowling alley.  Here, Matt got
to see more of Shu's true colors. Shu had a healthy competitive nature and an
impressive lack of subtlety.  Throughout the date, Shu was unintentionally
dropping hints for Matt to kiss her.  When Matt finally garnered enough courage to
lean in to kiss Shu, she mistakenly thought he was going to give her a hug. As a
result, Matt’s kiss turned into a peck on the cheek and an awkward hug.

Their third date was with Lydia and Eugene.  Lydia and Shu were roommates at the
time so they held it in their apartment. The four of them played the card game
Dominion.  After finishing the board game, after Lydia and Eugene had gone to
bed, Shu managed to sit through Matt talking for over an hour about the Marvel
Comic Universe.  As Matt was leaving, Shu, never one to filter her words,
shouted at him "Were you ever going to kiss me!?"  To which Matt replied, "Were
YOU ever gonna kiss ME?!"  And that was their first real kiss, and not an
awkward kiss-hug.

Matt's first declaration of love came soon after.  He was drunk at the time
because the bartender accidentally gave them shots of tequila instead of water.
Shu didn't immediately reciprocate the words, but later that night, when she
thought Matt was asleep, she wrote "I love you" on his back with her finger.  He
wasn't asleep and knew exactly what she wrote.  Matt didn't tell Shu he knew
until some time later.

Eight months in to their relationship, Shu moved to Michigan for b-school.  Matt
frequently drove 14 hours each way to see her.  He even crossed international
borders!  Don't worry though, it was only Canada.  That summer they took a vacation to
Turkey.  The whole time throughout the trip Shu asked Matt "Are you gonna
propose to me?!  Cuz I gotta be prepared."  He didn't propose.  Yet.

Eventually, after a year and a half of driving between Boston and Ann Arbor,
Matt grew tired of making the trip, and they decided to move in together.
Matt surprised Shu by sneaking into the apartment one week early.  While Shu’s
friend kept her busy, Matt decorated the apartment with candles and a ribbon. 
His plan was for the ribbon to start at the door, go through the living room,
and finally lead to himself sitting on the couch.  Unfortunately, upon unrolling
the ribbon, Matt realized that he had only bought 20 inches, instead of 20 feet. 
It worked out ok though, as Shu was still shocked and delighted to see him when
she got back home.

Shu graduated b-school in 2016, and they moved to Chinatown together.  Shu
started working in consulting. Matt started working at a fencing club.  Away
from the brutal Michigan winters and nearer to their friends, Shu and Matt
enjoyed a very happy life together.  To their friends, their home had become the
go-to place for board games and soup dumplings.  After a wonderful two
years together in New York, they decided they wanted to be married.  The plan
was to go back to Boston, and under the big willow tree next to the pond in the Boston Commons,
they would propose to each other.

But Matt had a secret plan.

The day before the planned mutual proposal, Matt sent Shu on a scavenger hunt.  He left
her with a puzzle box that Shu quickly solved.  And by "solved" I mean broke
open.  Inside, she cound a clue.  That clue took her to the book store where
they had their first date.  There Shu found the second clue, which took her to
the first bar they went to on their first date.  The next clue took her to their
favorite board game store, and then the doorway where they shared their first
awkward kiss-hug.

About halfway through the scavenger hunt, Shu realized what
was actually going on: an elaborate proposal set up by Matt.  From that point on Shu
was so nervous that she was barely able to focus and it took her much longer to solve
the remaining puzzles than Matt had expected.  But Shu was able to make it to
the end.  The scavenger hunt ended at their favorite Cambridge restaurant, where
Matt proposed.

And so here we are.  After many board games, dinners, and international trips,
their relationship has rooted more strongly than either ever expected. Seven
years, three cities, and eleven Marvel movies later, they’re still together. 
And it’s still better that they didn’t meet on 11-11-11, because that would
have meant one more day of not knowing each other.

Through all that, Shu and Matt have faced and overcome obstacles side-by-side,
not the least of which was assembling three apartments’ worth of Ikea furniture.
They have built a beautiful home filled with laughter. They encourage and
support each other to take on new challenges. They complement each other with
their strengths and aspirations.  And so, they have decided to spend the rest of
their lives together as husband and wife.

We pause now for a few words from bridesmaid Lydia.  Like me, Lydia also met Shu
during our freshman year of college.  She'll be quoting Neil Gaiman, who has
attempted to describe the unpredictable journey that is marriage.

CEREMONY READING:

Lydia:

This is everything I have to tell you about love: nothing.
This is everything I've learned about marriage: nothing.

Only that the world out there is complicated,
and there are beasts in the night, and delight and pain,
and the only thing that makes it okay, sometimes,
is to reach out a hand in the darkness and find another hand to squeeze,
and not to be alone.

It's not the kisses, or never just the kisses: it's what they mean.
Somebody's got your back.
Somebody knows your worst self and somehow doesn't want to rescue you
or send for the army to rescue them.

It's not two broken halves becoming one.
It's the light from a distant lighthouse bringing you both safely home
because home is wherever you are both together.

So this is everything I have to tell you about love and marriage: nothing,
like a book without pages or a forest without trees.

Because there are things you cannot know before you experience them.
Because no study can prepare you for the joys or the trials.
Because nobody else's love, nobody else's marriage, is like yours,
and it's a road you can only learn by walking it,
a dance you cannot be taught,
a song that did not exist before you began, together, to sing.

And because in the darkness you will reach out a hand,
not knowing for certain if someone else is even there.
And your hands will meet,
and then neither of you will ever need to be alone again.

And that's all I know about love.

DECLARATION OF INTENT:

Jon:

Thank you Lydia.

And now, the declaration of intent.

Do you, Matt, take Shu to be your spouse and companion? Will you support her, in
times of sickness and in health, in times of joy and sorrow? Do you promise to
comfort her during difficult times, to laugh with her during good times, to be
truthful with her always, and to love and cherish her for as long as you both
shall live?

Matt:

I do.

Jon:

And Shu, do you take Matt to be your spouse and companion? Will you support him,
in times of sickness and in health, in times of joy and sorrow? Do you promise
to comfort him during difficult times, to laugh with him during good times, to
be truthful with him always, and to love and cherish him for as long as you both
shall live?

Shu:

I do.

Jon:

We’ll proceed now to the vows. Shu and Matt have decided to write their own.

We’ll begin with Matt.

[MATT’S VOWS]

Jon:

Your turn, Shu.

[SHU’S VOWS]

VOWS AND GIVING OF THE RINGS:

Jon:

May I please have the rings? Matt and Shu’s rings are an external and visible
sign of the internal bond of love which unites their two hearts.  May they serve
as a seal of the vows Shu and Matt make to one another now.

(Jon gives Matt’s ring to Shu)

Shu (holding ring):

I, Shu, take you, Matt, to be my spouse.  I promise to give you the best of
myself, for I know that together we will build a life far better than either of
us could imagine alone.

(Shu puts ring on Matt)

(Jon gives Shu’s ring to Matt)

Matt (holding ring):

I, Matt, take you, Shu, to be my spouse.  I promise to give you the best of
myself, for I know that together we will build a life far better than either of
us could imagine alone.

(Matt puts ring on Shu)

PRONOUNCEMENT:

Shu and Matt, by the power vested in me by absolutely nobody, I now pronounce
you husband and wife - kissing is required!

(Clapping)
