Met on okcupid, in boston
First date trident book store because shu didn’t want a boring drinks date
Supposed to be a cooking demonstration, but he talked about sustainability for an hour and a half.
Then went to a bar, shu asked matt for an oktoberfest, almost didn’t have enough cash.
Then went to second bar, then third.
At this point shu didn’t think matt was interesting enough to want to talk to again.
Shaka’s pizza.
Eventually became “official”
second date: bowling alley
Matt was drawn to shu’s competitive nature and lack of subtlety
Third date: dominion w/ lydia and eugene
As matt was leaving shu shouted “were you gonna make a move!?”  and matt replied shocked “were YOU gonna make a move?”
Next breakfast shu managed to sit thru matt talking for an hour about the marvel comic universe.
Matt’s first christmas gift to shu was settler’s.
Matt’s first declaration of love came two weeks in, when he was drunk, after the bartender accidentally gave them shots of tequila instead of water.
Shu later requited the emotions by writing “I love you” on his back with her finger when she thought he was asleep.  But he wasn’t asleep and knew what she wrote.
3 or 4 months in, went to new orleans, got back together during the trip
Shu and matt have complementary skills
Got locked out of the hotel, shu freaks out, matt says let’s just hang out at bourbon street for 4 hrs till 6am, at which point they were able to get in.
Then hawaii trip.  Where shu drank 90% of a coconut and left the rest for matt, an event that matt won’t let shu forget.
Then shu left for bschool in michigan, 8 months in.
Matt would drive 12 hours each way to be with her.
Shu went to india for a summer, matt couldn’t get a visa, so they went to turkey.
During the whole time shu was like “are you gonna propose to me!?  Cuz I gotta be prepared.”
Then a year and a half later matt moved in w/ shu in michigan.
Matt surprised shu by sneaking into her apartment while her friend kept her busy out of the house.  While shu was out, matt decorated the living room with candles and ribbons.
So they lived there together for 1.5 years.
Matt tried to teach shu how to drive a stick shift during a michigan winter.
It was their first time living together.  And it was a little tough.  Matt had no friends nearby.  Shu was looking for internships.  They saw the movie “five year engagement”, which hit way too close to home.
After making it through the winter, they had a really nice summer playing board games.
The plan was to graduate and both get jobs in SF.  but matt wanted to stay on the east coast.  So they compromised and moved to NY.
2016, moved to chinatown, shu started work at accenture, matt started work at a fencing club
2017 spring the relationship really started to blossom
Matt didn’t want to propose cuz it seemed so sexist.
But they wanted to make it happen so they planned to go back to boston and propose to each other
But matt secretly had a scavenger hunt prepared and did a great proposal.
Started in the hotel room
Went to trident: first date
Then to ppl’s republic (first bar)
Then game store
Then doorway with the first kiss/hug.
Then craigie on main.
The first one was a puzzle box made of legos, which shu proceeded to rip the top off.
They eventually made it to the boston commons, under the willow tree, and exchanged promises with each other.
